{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww6560\viewh11400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Kaitlyn (Katy) Cooperstein - Scribe\
Katrina Fester - Driver\
\
Part A\
1. Step 1 done\
2. A red box pops up on the bottom of Blue J, when clicked on, you can see that \'93private String name \'93World\'94\'94\
3. String sayGoodbye() & String sayHello()\
4. sayHello returns \'93Hello, World\'94 in a pop up box.\
5. They ask you to name for a new object, and then a red box appears next to the greeter box at the bottom of Blue J\
6. int length() returns int 13\
7. toUpperCase returns \'93HELLO, WORLD\'94\
8. \'93o\'94, \'93oo\'94 were the two parameters we supplied\
9. string1.length() in the window returns 13 (int)\
10. returns \'93HELLO, WORLD!\'94 (String)\
11. string1 returns \'93Hello, World!\'94 (String) which makes sense because we did not call the toUpperCase function so it reverts to the original string1\
12. A window comes up, and it tells you the \'93private char[] value\'94 and the \'93private in hash\'94\
13.sayGoodbye returns \'93Goodbye, World!\'94\
14. step 14 done\
15. sayHello returns \'93Hello, Katrina!\'94 which is the name she typed in!\
\
Part B \
1. step 1 done\
2. step 2 done\
3. step 3 done\
4. step 4 done\
5. step 5 done\
6. a red box at the bottom of the screen appeared with the name rectangl1:Rectangle\
7. there is a rectangle drawn in the left corner, but a little bit of space down from the top of the box\
8. step 8 done\
9. the left rectangle (rectangle 1) the one we called the translate function on, and it moved to the right bottom corner of the screen\
10. the rectangle grows and becomes more wide than tall and is definitely bigger than the second rectangle\
11. We used the grow method and used the negative number of the previous entry, so it was -50 & -25\
\
Part C\
1. step 1 done\
2. fred. + (Ctrl + Space) brings up the possible methods you can use and what the method does and what the parameters are for that method\
3. We used fred.moveForward(); which is the moveForward() function\
4. the code + (Ctrl + Space) brings up the possible methods that you could use for the String name \
5. When typing \'93t\'94 the pop up lets you search the methods starting with the letter \'93t\'94\
6. the method name would be toUpperCase()\
7. We typed in \'93fred.\'94 and then did the Ctrl+Space method which allowed us to see what fred could do, then we chose turnRight();\
8. when moving, the picture moves to another space on the screen, then when it turns the image would turn, essentially with the 4 times you create \'934 corners\'94 \
9. step 9 is done\
10. step 10 is done\
11. Project Documentation creates a pop-up in our web browser, in that there is method summaries, method details, class summaries, etc\
12. step 12 is done\
13. I find this worse because I personally think it is more user-friendly when the images appear where the text would usually start. In my opinion, it looks better when it is in the right hand upper corner, but this is definitely a new way!\
\
}